feat: write AC selection process (#21)
solid/odi-governance: README.md

   - They must represent their respective groups on the Advisory Committee, and not that of their affiliations,
   - Any organizations that the chair are affiliated with are not able to submit representatives to the Advisory Committee,
   - The selected Community Group and Working Group chairs must not have overlapping organisational affiliations,
   - In the event that the chairs are unable to select a representative amongst themselves, they are to be elected by their respective group using the same [ranked choice voting process used to select Chairs of the Solid Community Group](https://www.w3.org/community/solid/charter/).
 - The remaining roles are selected through an interview process. The roles are openly advertised and anyone may apply; applicants are asked to answer the following [competency questions](./competency-questions.md) and [Equal Opportunities & Diversity Monitoring Form](./ac-eoad-questions.md). The candidates will be selected by a panel consisting of:
   - Tim Berners-Lee
   - The ODI CEO
   - The ODI Project Lead
   - The W3C Community Group Representative
   - The W3C Working Group Representative

>  - Candidates will be shortlisted by this panel - shortlisted applicants will then be interviewed by the panel. [[EDITORIAL NOTE: Following sentence based on discussion with @CxRes, has not yet been discussed/decided on the ODI side]] The W3C Community Group representative is permitted to collect feedback on the shortlisted candidates from the Community Group, and represent these views in the panel selection.

Author: ```suggestion
 - Candidates will be shortlisted by this panel - shortlisted applicants will then be interviewed by all panel members who wish to participate in the interview process. The W3C Community Group representative is permitted to collect feedback on the shortlisted candidates from the Community Group, and represent these views in the panel selection. Feeback is to be collected prior to the interview. In order to comply with data protection regulation the Community Group representative is not permitted to share details of the shortlisted applicants submissions.
```
